# Radegast-s-Game
- The game contains a Main class and 5 additional classes (Environment, Lake, Soil, Terrain, and Water).
- Environment class creates an Environment object which stores all the data of the terrain elements in the game. This class also includes methods that reads the file input, reads the console input and calculates the changes in the terrain, accordingly, finds the lakes in the final terrain and draw the terrain array in correct format.
- Lake class is used to store the data of the lakes in the game. This class includes essential methods for the program t=which merge, delete and change the surface level of the lakes. This class also has a method(restartTheLakeFinder) to initiate the recursion process for the findTheLakes() method(which is a method of Environment class). By using the recursion principle, this method makes it possible to determine the lakes in complex situations.
- Terrain class is the super class that is extended by two other classes: Water and Soil. On the other hand, the Terrain class is not abstract, which is useful for the calculations during the determination process of the lakes. However, at the final stage of the calculation we will determine the specific types of terrain objects and there won`t be any instance of Terrain which is not Soil or Water.
- Water and Soil classes are child classes of Terrain. Water class includes the method that calculates the lake indexes in alphabetical notation.
- I created an algorithm that compare the height of a cell with its neighbors and determines the type of the terrain element in that cell. I used the information about border elements which are definitely Soil to initiate the comparison process. I used findTheLakes(), lowerTheSurface() and mergeLakes() methods combined to calculate, add, edit and delete the lakes. I also used a recursion principle to make an accurate calculation in all possible situations.
